7800.	Liver transplant
78001	Heterotopic liver transplant
78002	Replacement of previous liver transplant
7800y	Other specified transplantation of liver
7800z	Transplantation of liver NOS
A70..	Viral hepatitis
A700.	Viral hepatitis A with coma
A702.	Viral hepatitis B with coma
A704.	Other specified viral hepatitis with coma
A7040	Viral hepatitis C with coma
A704z	Other specified viral hepatitis with hepatic coma NOS
A705.	Other specified viral hepatitis without coma
A705z	Other specified viral hepatitis without mention of hepatic coma NOS
A706.	Unspecified viral hepatitis with coma
A70z.	Unspecified viral hepatitis
AyuB0	[X]Other specified acute viral hepatitis
J60..	Acute and subacute liver necrosis
J600.	Acute necrosis of liver
J6000	Acute hepatic failure
J6002	Acute yellow atrophy
J600z	Acute necrosis of liver NOS
J601.	Subacute necrosis of liver
J6010	Subacute hepatic failure
J6012	Subacute yellow atrophy
J601z	Subacute necrosis of liver NOS
J60z.	Acute and subacute liver necrosis NOS
J63..	Other liver disorders
J631.	Hepatitis in viral diseases EC
J6315	Hepatitis in other viral disease
J631z	Hepatitis in viral diseases EC NOS
J634.	Infarction of liver
J6351	Toxic liver disease with hepatic necrosis
J636.	Central haemorrhagic necrosis of liver
J63y.	Other specified liver disorder
J63yz	Other specified liver disorder NOS
J63z.	Liver disorder NOS
Jyu7.	[X]Diseases of the liver
Jyu73	[X]Other specified diseases of liver
Jyu74	[X]Liver disorders in infectious and parasitic diseases classified elsewhere
Jyu75	[X]Liver disorders in other diseases classified elsewhere
PB600	Liver anomaly, unspecified
SP086	Liver transplant failure and rejection
SP142	Hepatic failure as a complication of care
TB00.	Surgical operation with transplant of whole organ as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB000	Transplantation of heart as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB001	Transplantation of kidney as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB002	Transplantation of liver as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB00z	Transplantation of whole organ as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation, NOS
TB010	Implant of cardiac pacemaker as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB011	Electrodes implanted in brain as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB012	Implant of heart valve prosthesis as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB013	Implant of internal orthopaedic device as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB01z	Implant of artificial internal device as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation, NOS
TB02.	Surgical operation with anastomosis, bypass or graft, with natural or artificial tissues used as implant, as the cause of complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB020	Arteriovenous anastomosis as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB021	Gastrojejunal anastomosis as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB022	Blood vessel graft as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB023	Tendon graft as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB024	Skin graft as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB02z	Anastomosis, bypass or graft, with natural or artificial tissues used as implant, as the cause of complication, without mention of misadventure at the time, NOS
TB03.	Surgical operation with formation of external stoma as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB031	Formation of cystostomy as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB032	Formation of duodenostomy as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB033	Formation of gastrostomy as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB034	Formation of ureterostomy as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
TB03z	Formation of external stoma as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation, NOS
TB0y.	Other surgical operations and procedures as the cause of abnormal reaction of patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of operation
U63..	[X]Surgical operation and other surgical procedures as the cause of abnormal reaction of the patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of the procedure
U637.	[X]Other surgical procedures as the cause of abnormal reaction of the patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of the procedure
U63z.	[X]Unspecified surgical procedure as the cause of abnormal reaction of the patient, or of later complication, without mention of misadventure at the time of the procedure
X0058	Hepatic encephalopathy
X20Zz	Exploration of liver transplant
X306R	Disorder of liver
X3073	Alcoholic hepatic failure
X3076	Hepatic failure
X3077	Liver failure NOS
X3078	Hepatic failure NOS
XaJxp	Acute hepatic failure due to drugs
XaLdf	Orthotopic transplantation of whole liver
XaMuG	Compensation for liver failure
XaMuH	Other specified compensation for liver failure
XaMuI	Compensation for liver failure NOS
XaXox	Liver transplant planned
XE0bB	Hepatic coma
XE0bC	Other sequelae of chronic liver disease
XE0dB	(Acute/subacute necrosis of liver) or (acute liver failure)
ZV427	[V]Liver transplanted